docs/chapter1/quick-start/start-with-ignite.md, before:

# Getting Started with Electrode Ignite

Electrode is a platform that involves many pieces and environments.  To ensure you have everything working together, an npm module [electrode-ignite] is available with a CLI command that's the single entry point to help you start development with the Electrode platform.

## Installation

If you have not done so yet, please check [Requirements](/overview/requirements.md) for setting up your development environment.

## Usage

You can use [electrode-ignite] with an interactive menu by running `ignite`, or you can run it with the command name directly.

To see a list of the commands available, run `ignite --help`

#### Ignite Menu

To see the interactive menu, run:

```bash
$ ignite
```

The Ignite Menu will show as below:

![Electrode Ignite Menu](/images/ignite-menu.png)

#### Single Ignite Task

Electrode Ignite can also be invoked with a single command by specifying the name.

For example, to check your NodeJS and npm version for Electrode development:

```bash
$ ignite check-nodejs
```

To generate a new Electrode React App:

```bash
$ ignite generate-app
```

You can check the list of command by:

```bash
$ ignite --help
```

And the help on usage will show as below:

![Electrode Ignite Help](/images/ignite-help.png)

## Available Ignite Tasks

-   `check-nodejs` - Check your NodeJS and npm environment
-   `generate-app` - Generate an Electrode application
-   `generate-component` - Generate an Electrode component
-   `add-component` - Add a component to your existing component repo
-   `docs` - Electrode official documenation
-   `help` - Show help on usage

Let's get start with Electrode App|Component by Electrode Ignite in the next few sections.

[electrode-ignite]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/electrode-ignite

Commit message:

Documentation updates (#707)
* Electrode Developer Doc - updates and edits

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

docs/chapter1/quick-start/start-with-ignite.md, after:

# Getting Started with Electrode Ignite

Electrode is a platform that involves many elements and environments.  To ensure you have everything working together, an npm module called [electrode-ignite] is available with a CLI command that's the single entry point to help you start development with the Electrode platform.

## Installation

>Before proceeding, be sure to verify the [Requirements](/overview/requirements.md) for setting up your development environment.

## Usage

You can use [electrode-ignite] with an interactive menu by running `ignite`, or you can run it with the command name directly.

To see a list of the commands available, run `ignite --help`

#### Ignite Menu

To see the interactive menu, run:

```bash
$ ignite
```

The Ignite Menu is shown below:

![Electrode Ignite Menu](/images/ignite-menu.png)

#### Single Ignite Task

Electrode Ignite can also be invoked with a single command by specifying the name.

For example, to check your NodeJS and npm version for Electrode development:

```bash
$ ignite check-nodejs
```

To generate a new Electrode React App:

```bash
$ ignite generate-app
```

To check the list of commands:

```bash
$ ignite --help
```

For example:

![Electrode Ignite Help](/images/ignite-help.png)

## Available Ignite Tasks

-   `check-nodejs` - Check your NodeJS and npm environment.
-   `generate-app` - Generate an Electrode application.
-   `generate-component` - Generate an Electrode component.
-   `add-component` - Add a component to your existing component repo.
-   `docs` - Electrode official documentation.
-   `help` - Show help on usage.

Let's get started with Electrode App and Electrode Component by using Electrode Ignite in the next few sections.

[electrode-ignite]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/electrode-ignite
