CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

PRs and issues are always welcome! We appreciate your interest in Electrode and offer to help.

There are [few guidelines](#contributing-guidelines) that we request contributors to follow so that we can keep things well maintained.

## Getting Started

This repo uses [Lerna] as a top level setup and [fyn] to manage Node Modules.

### Setup

Install these CLI tools globally: [xclap-cli] and [fyn]

```bash
$ npm install -g xclap-cli fyn
```

Fork and clone the repo at <https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode.git> and bootstrap all the packages.

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/<your-github-id>/electrode.git
$ cd electrode
$ npm install
$ npm run bootstrap
```

### Quick Test

Because many of our modules depend on each other, to make local development easier, we use [fyn] to install packages when doing development.

#### Setup fyn

For [fyn]'s enhanced local dev workflow, the following two setups are needed.

```bash
$ eval `fyn bash`
$ export NODE_PRESERVE_SYMLINKS=1
```

For Windows:

```text
fyn win && fynwin
set NODE_PRESERVE_SYMLINKS 1
```

Our build scripts automatically does it, but it's a good idea to set them up anyways.

#### Try a sample

Now you can go to the `samples` folder and try the `universal-react-node` sample app, develop and test your changes over there.

```bash
$ eval `fyn bash`
$ export NODE_PRESERVE_SYMLINKS=1
$ cd samples/universal-react-node
$ fyn
$ clap dev
```

After running above, you should see a similar text as `Hapi.js server running at http://localhost:3000` in command line.

And when you open the browser at `http://localhost:3000`, you should see a large Electrode icon with a few demonstration components.

#### Test with generator

You can quickly use the generator to create an app in `tmp/hapi-app` for testing.

```bash
$ clap gen-hapi-app
$ cd tmp/hapi-app
$ fyn
$ clap dev
```

This sample app is using [fyn] to directly linked to the modules under the `packages` directory. Changes made there will be reflected in the app immediately. This is the typical testing and developing flow we use.

## Contributing Guidelines

### Submitting Pull Request

We love PRs and appreciate any help you can offer. Please follow the guidelines on styling and commit messages here.

#### Styling

We've now switched to use [prettier] to format all our code.

Our [prettier] settings are: `--print-width 100`

> If you are making changes to a file that has not been updated yet, please commit the format first before making your changes.

#### PR and Commit messages

Since we use independent lerna mode, to help keep the changelog clear, please format all your commit message with the following guideline:

`[<semver>][feat|bug|chore] <message>`

- `<semver>` can be:
  - `major` - `maj` or `major`
  - `minor` - `min` or `minor`
  - `patch` - `pat` or `patch`
- Only include `[feat|bug|chore]` if it's applicable.
- Please format your PR's title with the same format.

> **_Please do everything you can to keep commits for a PR to a single package in `packages`._**

A sample commit and PR message should look like:

```text
[minor][feat] implement SSR support for Inferno
```

> Note: Branching is recommended on Publish commits only so it's possible to rely on lerna to publish from that branch.

### Filing Issues

We love to hear about your experience using Electrode and bug reports. Electrode has many features and it's hard for us to test everything under all scenarios and setup, so your help is very important to us.

When you submit a bug report, please include the following information:

- NodeJS/npm versions by doing `nodev -v` and `npm -v`
- Your OS and version
- Electrode package versions
- Any errors output
- If possible, sample code and steps on how to reproduce the bug

## Updating Docs

This repo has a [gitbook] documentation under `docs`. To review the docs as a gitbook locally:

- Install [gitbook-cli] and the plugins for docs.
- Note that gitbook (3.2.3) uses npm (3.9.2) to manage its own plugins and that's incompatible with [fyn]. So to serve the docs locally, you have to unset `NODE_OPTIONS`.
- That means the top level `node_modules` has to be installed using npm also.

```bash
$ cd electrode
$ unset NODE_OPTIONS
$ npm install gitbook-cli -g
$ gitbook install
```

- Now serve the book locally

```bash
$ gitbook serve --no-watch --no-live
```

And open your browser to `http://localhost:4000` to view the docs.

Here is the documentation on a [gitbook] structure: <https://toolchain.gitbook.com/structure.html>

> Without the `--no-watch --no-live` options it becomes unusably slow on my machine.\
> If things don't work, then remove `~/.gitbook` and run `gitbook install` or `gitbook fetch` to let it reset itself.

[gitbook-cli]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/gitbook-cli
[prettier]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/prettier
[lerna]: https://lernajs.io/
[gitbook]: https://www.gitbook.com
[xclap-cli]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/xclap-cli
[fyn]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/fyn

Commit message:

fyn extra setup is no longer required (#903)

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

PRs and issues are always welcome! We appreciate your interest in Electrode and offer to help.

There are [few guidelines](#contributing-guidelines) that we request contributors to follow so that we can keep things well maintained.

## Getting Started

This repo uses [Lerna] as a top level setup and [fyn] to manage Node Modules.

### Setup

Install these CLI tools globally: [xclap-cli] and [fyn]

```bash
$ npm install -g xclap-cli fyn
$ fyn -V
0.1.76
```

> Make sure `fyn`'s version is at least `0.1.76`

Fork and clone the repo at <https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode.git> and bootstrap all the packages.

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/<your-github-id>/electrode.git
$ cd electrode
$ npm install
$ npm run bootstrap
```

### Quick Test

Because many of our modules depend on each other, to make local development easier, we use [fyn] to install packages when doing development.

#### Try a sample

Now you can go to the `samples` folder and try the `universal-react-node` sample app, develop and test your changes over there.

```bash
$ cd samples/universal-react-node
$ fyn
$ clap dev
```

After running above, you should see a similar text as `Hapi.js server running at http://localhost:3000` in command line.

And when you open the browser at `http://localhost:3000`, you should see a large Electrode icon with a few demonstration components.

#### Test with generator

You can quickly use the generator to create an app in `tmp/hapi-app` for testing.

```bash
$ clap gen-hapi-app
$ cd tmp/hapi-app
$ fyn
$ clap dev
```

This sample app is using [fyn] to directly linked to the modules under the `packages` directory. Changes made there will be reflected in the app immediately. This is the typical testing and developing flow we use.

## Contributing Guidelines

### Submitting Pull Request

We love PRs and appreciate any help you can offer. Please follow the guidelines on styling and commit messages here.

#### Styling

We've now switched to use [prettier] to format all our code.

Our [prettier] settings are: `--print-width 100`

> If you are making changes to a file that has not been updated yet, please commit the format first before making your changes.

#### PR and Commit messages

Since we use independent lerna mode, to help keep the changelog clear, please format all your commit message with the following guideline:

`[<semver>][feat|bug|chore] <message>`

- `<semver>` can be:
  - `major` - `maj` or `major`
  - `minor` - `min` or `minor`
  - `patch` - `pat` or `patch`
- Only include `[feat|bug|chore]` if it's applicable.
- Please format your PR's title with the same format.

> **_Please do everything you can to keep commits for a PR to a single package in `packages`._**

A sample commit and PR message should look like:

```text
[minor][feat] implement SSR support for Inferno
```

> Note: Branching is recommended on Publish commits only so it's possible to rely on lerna to publish from that branch.

### Filing Issues

We love to hear about your experience using Electrode and bug reports. Electrode has many features and it's hard for us to test everything under all scenarios and setup, so your help is very important to us.

When you submit a bug report, please include the following information:

- NodeJS/npm versions by doing `nodev -v` and `npm -v`
- Your OS and version
- Electrode package versions
- Any errors output
- If possible, sample code and steps on how to reproduce the bug

## Updating Docs

This repo has a [gitbook] documentation under `docs`. To review the docs as a gitbook locally:

- Install [gitbook-cli] and the plugins for docs.
- Note that gitbook (3.2.3) uses npm (3.9.2) to manage its own plugins and that may conflict with [fyn] installed `node_modules`.
  - which is why for the top level dir of our lerna repo, we use `npm install` directly.

```bash
$ cd electrode
$ npm install gitbook-cli -g
$ gitbook install
```

- Now serve the book locally

```bash
$ gitbook serve --no-watch --no-live
```

And open your browser to `http://localhost:4000` to view the docs.

Here is the documentation on a [gitbook] structure: <https://toolchain.gitbook.com/structure.html>

> Without the `--no-watch --no-live` options it becomes unusably slow on my machine.\
> If things don't work, then remove `~/.gitbook` and run `gitbook install` or `gitbook fetch` to let it reset itself.

[gitbook-cli]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/gitbook-cli
[prettier]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/prettier
[lerna]: https://lernajs.io/
[gitbook]: https://www.gitbook.com
[xclap-cli]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/xclap-cli
[fyn]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/fyn
