docs/chapter1/intermediate/component-archetype/component-archetype-structure.md, before:

# Component Archetype Structure

In the previous component archetype, we use `demo-server` to demo and test react component inside of component itself, which has a risk of causing chicken-egg issues.  In order to avoid this, we removed `demo-server` for component archetype and let it focus more on build, eslint check and unit tests itself.

Meanwhile, in the [new electrode components](/chapter1/intermediate/create-a-electrode-component.md), we demo components through `<repo>/demo-app` where import components from `<repo>/packages/<componentName>`. The latest electrode components can be generated by the latest electrode-generator.

Below is the new structure of the Electrode React Component Archetype:

```markdown
- electrode-archetype-react-component
  |- config/
  |  |- babel
  |  |- browser_test
  |  |- dependencies
  |  |- eslint
  |  |- istanbul
  |  |- karma
  |  |- stylint
  |  |- webpack
  |    |- partial
  |      |- babel.js
  |      |- define.js
  |      |- fonts.js
  |      |- images.js
  |      |- json.js
  |      |- optimize.js
  |      |- sourcemaps.js
  |      |- styles.js
  |    |- webpack.config.coverage.js
  |    |- webpack.config.dev.js
  |    |- webpack.config.js
  |    |- webpack.config.test.js
  |  |- archetype.js
  |- scripts/
  |- archetype-clap.js
  |- xclap.js
  |- package.json
  ...
```

The Component Archetype still provides babel, eslint, karma and webpack config files as before, files can be found under `electrode-archetype-react-component/config` folder. But there are some updates for webpack config files, which can be found in the [next section](/chapter1/intermediate/component-archetype/webpack-config.md).

Commit message:

Documentation updates (#707)
* Electrode Developer Doc - updates and edits

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

docs/chapter1/intermediate/component-archetype/component-archetype-structure.md, after:

# Component Archetype Structure

In the previous component archetype, we used `demo-server` to demo and test the React component inside of the component itself, which adds a risk of confusion.  To clarify, we removed `demo-server` for the component archetype to target the build, eslint check, and unit tests.

At the same time, in the [new electrode components](/chapter1/intermediate/create-a-electrode-component.md), we demonstrate components using `<repo>/demo-app` where we import components from `<repo>/packages/<componentName>`. The latest electrode components can be generated by the latest electrode-generator.

The new structure of the Electrode React Component Archetype is shown below.

```markdown
- electrode-archetype-react-component
  |- config/
  |  |- babel
  |  |- browser_test
  |  |- dependencies
  |  |- eslint
  |  |- istanbul
  |  |- karma
  |  |- stylint
  |  |- webpack
  |    |- partial
  |      |- babel.js
  |      |- define.js
  |      |- fonts.js
  |      |- images.js
  |      |- json.js
  |      |- optimize.js
  |      |- sourcemaps.js
  |      |- styles.js
  |    |- webpack.config.coverage.js
  |    |- webpack.config.dev.js
  |    |- webpack.config.js
  |    |- webpack.config.test.js
  |  |- archetype.js
  |- scripts/
  |- archetype-clap.js
  |- xclap.js
  |- package.json
  ...
```

The Component Archetype still provides babel, eslint, karma and webpack configuration files as before, and the files can be found in the `electrode-archetype-react-component/config` directory. But there are some updates for the webpack configuration files, which can be found in the [Webpack Configuration](/chapter1/intermediate/component-archetype/webpack-config.md) section.
