packages/electrode-archetype-opt-react/README.md, before:

# Electrode Archetype Option React

Allow [Electrode](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode) apps to optionally choose to use the original React lib.

The app can set React lib by adding a file `archetype/config/index.js` or `archetype/config.js` and set:

```js
module.exports = {
  options: {
    reactLib: "react"
  }
};
```

If nothing is set, then default is to use `react`.

The other lib that is supported:

-   [inferno](https://github.com/infernojs/inferno).

Note that since many other modules could depend on the original React lib so even if an app choose to use inferno, the `react` modules could still be installed.

# Usage

This module generally is included by other Electrode modules.  An Electrode app should not need to install this directly.

## Install

In `package.json`:

```js
{
  "optionalDependencies": {
    "electrode-archetype-opt-react": "^1.0.0"
  }
}
```

And setup archetype config accordingly.

## License

Built with :heart: by [Team Electrode](https://github.com/orgs/electrode-io/people) @WalmartLabs.

Commit message:

Default optional add-ons to off (#1445)

packages/electrode-archetype-opt-react/README.md, after:

# Electrode Archetype Option React

This is a feature package that instructs [Electrode](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode) to install React.

## Interactive Install

Inclusion of this (and all other [Electrode](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode) features) is maintained by the `features` xclap task.

To run `features` in interactive mode (recommended!), simply call the `features` xclap task with no arguments:

```sh
clap features
```

## Migrating from legacy archetype options

In versions of Electrode Archetype < 7, features were enabled or disabled by modifying `archetype/config/index.js` or `archetype/config.js`. To migrate from legacy features, simply run the `features` xclap task with no arguments:

```sh
clap features
```

If the features task detects that you are still using legacy features, it will give you the following prompt: `Convert archetype feature usage to new style (recommended)?`. Answering `yes` to this question will cause the legacy features to be migrated to the new style.

## Manual Install

This feature can also be installed directly using npm:

```sh
npm install electrode-archetype-opt-react
```

## License

Copyright (c) 2016-present, WalmartLabs

Licensed under the [Apache License, Version 2.0](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).
