docs/chapter1/advanced/stand-alone-modules/redux-router-engine.md, before:

# Redux Router Engine

The Electrode Redux Router Engine is a tool that handles asynchronous data for React Server Side Rendering using [react-router], Redux, and the [Redux Server Rendering] pattern.

## Module: [electrode-redux-router-engine]

### Install via `npm`

    $ npm install --save electrode-redux-router-engine

## Table Of Contents

- [Example Applications](#example-applications)
- [Define Your Routes](#define-your-routes)
  - [Example Route](#example-route)
    - [`init` attribute](#init-attribute)
    - [`methods` attribute](#methods-attribute)
    - [Routes Dir](#routes-dir)
  - [Route Redux Init](#route-redux-init)
    - [Route Redux Init Example](#route-redux-init-example)
      - [`options` param](#options-param)
    - [More Route Redux Init Details](#more-route-redux-init-details)
- [Redux Router Engine](#redux-router-engine-1)
  - [Electrode](#electrode)
  - [Hapi/Express](#hapiexpress)
- [APIs](#apis)
  - [`constructor(options)`](#constructoroptions)
  - [`async render(req, options)`](#async-renderreq-options)

## Example Applications

- [Electrode Boilerplate]

- [Express React Redux Webpack Example]

- [Hapi React Redux Example]

## Define Your Routes

The latest version now uses [react router 4.0](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-router).

A common pattern to define central routes by [react-router-config](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-router-config) is used. You can also find more info about RR4's [server rendering here](https://reacttraining.com/react-router/web/guides/server-rendering).

> **This engine adds these custom props for your route definition to support server side data initialization with [redux].**

- `name` - (optional) A name for the route's redux reducer and store.
  - A name is needed if multiple routes need to supply redux reducer and initial state, or you need a root reducer that can manually manage and propagate state to different route components.
- `init` - (optional) A string that references the JS module to load server side redux data.
- `methods` - (optional) HTTP methods the route allows on the server.
  - This would only make sense for the top level routes.

Therefore, to configure the engine, you will first need to specify your app's routes according to [react-router-config]'s specs.

### Example Route

> **For example, a typical `routes.jsx` file might look like this:**

```js
import Page from "./components/page";
import Home from "./components/home";
import About from "./components/about";
import { withRouter } from "react-router-dom";

const routes = [
  {
    // top route
    name: "Page",
    path: "/",
    methods: "get", // Allow HTTP method get (default)
    init: "./init-page-data",

    // withRouter is needed to work with Redux
    component: withRouter(Page),

    // child routes
    routes: [
      {
        name: "Home",
        path: "/",
        init: "./init-home-data",
        component: Home
      },
      {
        name: "About",
        path: "/about",
        init: "./init-about-data",
        component: About
      }
    ]
  }
];

export { routes as default };
```

#### `init` attribute

> **Typically, it should be a string that refers to a Node module to load the redux init function from.**

- If it starts with `.` then it will be joined as `{routesDir}/{init}` and then passed to `require`.

  - ie: `require(path.resolve(routesDir, init))`
  - You can see more info about [routesDir here](#routes-dir)

- Otherwise it's directly passed to `require`, which looks up from `node_modules` or from an absolute path that starts with `/`.

> **Optionally, if it's `true`:**

- The path from joining `{routesDir}/{route.path}` is `require`d to load the init module.

  - ie: `require(Path.resolve(routesDir, route.path))`
  - This means the routes `path` must be a plain path and contains no regex or named params.

#### `methods` attribute

> **A string of HTTP methods in lowercase that the route allows.**

- ie: `get`, `get/post`.
- Defaulted to `get`.
- Only makes sense for top routes.

#### Routes Dir

> **The engine automatically determines a `routesDir` from where to lookup your routes' `init` modules.**

- It is `options.routesHandlerPath` if you passed it.

  - with `process.cwd()` prepended if it's not an absolute path.
    - ie: `path.resolve(options.routesHandlerPath)`

- Otherwise it's determined as `CWD/${APP_SRC_DIR}/server/routes`.

  - ie: `path.resolve(process.env.APP_SRC_DIR || "", "server/routes")`
  - where `APP_SRC_DIR` is set by Electrode to point to your app's `src` or `lib`

### Route Redux Init

Your route's `init` property help the engine locates a JS file that exports a function that return Redux reducer/initialState for the route.

#### Route Redux Init Example

> **A typical route redux init example:**

```js
export default function reduxInit(options) {
  const name = options.route.name;
  // if you didn't specify a name for the route, then you have to provide
  // some default name for your route's reducer and redux state data.
  return {
    reducer: {
      [name]: (state, action) => {
        // reducer code
      }
    },
    initialState: {
      [name]: {
        // initial redux state data
      }
    }
  };
}
```

##### `options` param

> **`options` will contain the following:**

- `req` - the framework's `request` object.

- `location` - the URL path from the `req` object

- `match` - the array of matched routes

- `route` - the route the init function is being called for

- `inits` - array of results from calling `init` so far.

  - Note: async results are not awaited yet so they'd be a promise.

- `awaitInits` - available to top route only: an async function to wait for async child inits.

  - See below for more details.

> **Above is a typical example. You can do more:**

- You can decorate the function with `async` or return a Promise. The engine will wait for it.

  - The wait is **concurrent** with other route's async init functions.

- Your top level route `init` can return different Redux data (see below).

#### More Route Redux Init Details

> **The engine will do the following with the init functions:**

- It will call all child routes' inits of a top route first, then call the top route's `init`.

  - For top route, `options` will contain an async function `awaitInits` that can be `await`ed on to make sure all async child routes are done so the array `inits` contain ready to use result.

    - ie: `await options.awaitInits()`

- The reducers from multiple routes will be combined with redux's [combineReducers].

- `initialState`s from multiple routes will be merged into a single new object with `Object.assign`.

> **The top level route's init can return the following to override the [combineReducers] and merge `initialState` behaviors:**

- If `reducer` is a function, then it's used as the sole reducer when calling redux's [createStore], but `initialState` should still be there for merging with others.

- If the return object contains a single field `store` then it's considered to be a ready made redux store and used directly.

- In both cases you either have to manually process results from your child routes in `options.inits`, or you do every thing in the top route's `init` only.

## Redux Router Engine

The [redux-router engine](#redux-router-engine) is initialized by passing a set of [options](#redux-router-engine-api) including [your react router routes](#define-your-routes) definition.

The `ReduxRouterEngine` is stand-alone and can be used in **any** Redux/React application that runs on Express, Hapi or [WalmartLab's Electrode Platform](http://www.electrode.io/). Here's how to configure the engine depending on your framework:

### Electrode

In an Electrode app, the engine configuration is straightforward: the route handling logic simply returns the output of the engine's `render` function in the `module.exports` clause:

```js
import ReduxRouterEngine from "electrode-redux-router-engine";
import { routes } from "../client/routes";
import CreateReduxStore from "./createReduxStore";

let routesEngine;

module.exports = req => {
  if (!routesEngine) {
    routesEngine = new ReduxRouterEngine({ routes });
  }

  return routesEngine.render(req);
};
```

### Hapi/Express

To configure the Redux Router Engine in an Express or Hapi application, first initialize the engine and then use it within a route handler to return the HTML. An example usage follows:

```js
const ReduxRouterEngine = require("electrode-redux-router-engine");

function createReduxStore(req, match) {
  // this refs to engine

  const store = configureStore();

  return Promise.all([
    store.dispatch(boostrapApp())
    // dispatch any other asynchronous actions here
  ]).then(() => {
    return store;
  });
}

const routes = require("./routes");

const engine = new ReduxRouterEngine({ routes });

// express or Hapi route handler:

function handler(req, reply) {
  engine.render(req).then(result => {
    // send full HTML with result back using res
  });
}
```

## APIs

ReduxRouterEngine has the following class methods:

### `constructor(options)`

Where options could contain the following fields:

- `routes` - **required** The [react-router-config] routes
  - This can also be a string that refer to the module that contains the routes definition.
- `withIds` - **optional** boolean to indicate whether to render with react-dataids.
- `stringifyPreloadedState` **optional** callback to stringify `store.getState()` for sending to browser as redux initial state
- `logError` - **optional** callback to log any error
  - It should take `(req, err)` arguments
  - If it's a `function` then its `this` references the engine instance
  - Defaulted to `console.log`
- `renderToString` - **optional** callback to provide custom renderToString
  - It should take `(req, location, store, match, withIds)` arguments
  - If desired, it can return a `Promise` that resolves the HTML string.
- `routesHandlerPath` - **optional** Path to directory to lookup individual route's `init` handler modules.
  - This is defaulted to `${process.env.APP_SRC_DIR}/server/routes` (for Electrode apps)

### `async render(req, options)`

Method to render a route.

- `req` - express/Hapi request object
- `options` - override options passed to constructor
  - `withIds`
  - `stringifyPreloadedState`

If rendering the route is a success, then it returns a promise resolving to:

```js
{
  status: 200,
  html: // string from React renderToString,
  prefetch: // string from stringifyPreloadedState
}
```

If an error occured, then it returns a promise resolving to:

```js
{
  status: react-router status or 500,
  message: err.message,
  path: // request path,
  _err: // original error object
}
```

If no route matched, then it returns a promise resolving to:

```js
{
  status: 404,
  message: `router-resolver: Path <path> not found`
}
```

[react-router-config]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-router-config
[react-router]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-router
[redux server rendering]: http://redux.js.org/docs/recipes/ServerRendering.html
[electrode-redux-router-engine]: https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode-redux-router-engine
[hapi react redux example]: https://github.com/electrode-samples/hapi-react-redux#electrode-redux-router-engine
[express react redux webpack example]: https://github.com/electrode-samples/express-react-redux-webpack#electrode-redux-router-engine
[electrode boilerplate]: https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode/tree/0f6d3bd08c1ffa32fe9cd469fab00ce4c3262d02/samples/universal-react-node
[combinereducers]: https://redux.js.org/api-reference/combinereducers
[redux]: http://redux.js.org/
[createstore]: https://redux.js.org/api-reference/createstore

Commit message:

update docs for redux router engine on redirect

docs/chapter1/advanced/stand-alone-modules/redux-router-engine.md, after:

# Redux Router Engine

The Electrode Redux Router Engine is a tool that handles asynchronous data for React Server Side Rendering using [react-router], Redux, and the [Redux Server Rendering] pattern.

## Module: [electrode-redux-router-engine]

### Install via `npm`

    $ npm install --save electrode-redux-router-engine

## Table Of Contents

- [Example Applications](#example-applications)
- [Define Your Routes](#define-your-routes)
  - [Example Route](#example-route)
    - [`init` attribute](#init-attribute)
    - [`methods` attribute](#methods-attribute)
    - [Routes Dir](#routes-dir)
  - [Route Redux Init](#route-redux-init)
    - [Route Redux Init Example](#route-redux-init-example)
      - [`options` param](#options-param)
    - [More Route Redux Init Details](#more-route-redux-init-details)
- [Redux Router Engine](#redux-router-engine-1)
  - [Electrode](#electrode)
  - [Hapi/Express](#hapiexpress)
- [Redirect](#redirect)
- [APIs](#apis)
  - [`constructor(options)`](#constructoroptions)
  - [`async render(req, options)`](#async-renderreq-options)

## Example Applications

- [Electrode Boilerplate]

- [Express React Redux Webpack Example]

- [Hapi React Redux Example]

## Define Your Routes

The latest version now uses [react router 4.0](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-router).

A common pattern to define central routes by [react-router-config](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-router-config) is used. You can also find more info about RR4's [server rendering here](https://reacttraining.com/react-router/web/guides/server-rendering).

> **This engine adds these custom props for your route definition to support server side data initialization with [redux].**

- `name` - (optional) A name for the route's redux reducer and store.
  - A name is needed if multiple routes need to supply redux reducer and initial state, or you need a root reducer that can manually manage and propagate state to different route components.
- `init` - (optional) A string that references the JS module to load server side redux data.
- `methods` - (optional) HTTP methods the route allows on the server.
  - This would only make sense for the top level routes.

Therefore, to configure the engine, you will first need to specify your app's routes according to [react-router-config]'s specs.

### Example Route

> **For example, a typical `routes.jsx` file might look like this:**

```js
import Page from "./components/page";
import Home from "./components/home";
import About from "./components/about";
import { withRouter } from "react-router-dom";

const routes = [
  {
    // top route
    name: "Page",
    path: "/",
    methods: "get", // Allow HTTP method get (default)
    init: "./init-page-data",

    // withRouter is needed to work with Redux
    component: withRouter(Page),

    // child routes
    routes: [
      {
        name: "Home",
        path: "/",
        init: "./init-home-data",
        component: Home
      },
      {
        name: "About",
        path: "/about",
        init: "./init-about-data",
        component: About
      }
    ]
  }
];

export { routes as default };
```

#### `init` attribute

> **Typically, it should be a string that refers to a Node module to load the redux init function from.**

- If it starts with `.` then it will be joined as `{routesDir}/{init}` and then passed to `require`.

  - ie: `require(path.resolve(routesDir, init))`
  - You can see more info about [routesDir here](#routes-dir)

- Otherwise it's directly passed to `require`, which looks up from `node_modules` or from an absolute path that starts with `/`.

> **Optionally, if it's `true`:**

- The path from joining `{routesDir}/{route.path}` is `require`d to load the init module.

  - ie: `require(Path.resolve(routesDir, route.path))`
  - This means the routes `path` must be a plain path and contains no regex or named params.

#### `methods` attribute

> **A string of HTTP methods in lowercase that the route allows.**

- ie: `get`, `get/post`.
- Defaulted to `get`.
- Only makes sense for top routes.

#### Routes Dir

> **The engine automatically determines a `routesDir` from where to lookup your routes' `init` modules.**

- It is `options.routesHandlerPath` if you passed it.

  - with `process.cwd()` prepended if it's not an absolute path.
    - ie: `path.resolve(options.routesHandlerPath)`

- Otherwise it's determined as `CWD/${APP_SRC_DIR}/server/routes`.

  - ie: `path.resolve(process.env.APP_SRC_DIR || "", "server/routes")`
  - where `APP_SRC_DIR` is set by Electrode to point to your app's `src` or `lib`

### Route Redux Init

Your route's `init` property help the engine locates a JS file that exports a function that return Redux reducer/initialState for the route.

#### Route Redux Init Example

> **A typical route redux init example:**

```js
export default function reduxInit(options) {
  const name = options.route.name;
  // if you didn't specify a name for the route, then you have to provide
  // some default name for your route's reducer and redux state data.
  return {
    reducer: {
      [name]: (state, action) => {
        // reducer code
      }
    },
    initialState: {
      [name]: {
        // initial redux state data
      }
    }
  };
}
```

##### `options` param

> **`options` will contain the following:**

- `req` - the framework's `request` object.

- `location` - the URL path from the `req` object

- `match` - the array of matched routes

- `route` - the route the init function is being called for

- `inits` - array of results from calling `init` so far.

  - Note: async results are not awaited yet so they'd be a promise.

- `awaitInits` - available to top route only: an async function to wait for async child inits.

  - See below for more details.

> **Above is a typical example. You can do more:**

- You can decorate the function with `async` or return a Promise. The engine will wait for it.

  - The wait is **concurrent** with other route's async init functions.

- Your top level route `init` can return different Redux data (see below).

#### More Route Redux Init Details

> **The engine will do the following with the init functions:**

- It will call all child routes' inits of a top route first, then call the top route's `init`.

  - For top route, `options` will contain an async function `awaitInits` that can be `await`ed on to make sure all async child routes are done so the array `inits` contain ready to use result.

    - ie: `await options.awaitInits()`

- The reducers from multiple routes will be combined with redux's [combineReducers].

- `initialState`s from multiple routes will be merged into a single new object with `Object.assign`.

> **The top level route's init can return the following to override the [combineReducers] and merge `initialState` behaviors:**

- If `reducer` is a function, then it's used as the sole reducer when calling redux's [createStore], but `initialState` should still be there for merging with others.

- If the return object contains a single field `store` then it's considered to be a ready made redux store and used directly.

- In both cases you either have to manually process results from your child routes in `options.inits`, or you do every thing in the top route's `init` only.

## Redux Router Engine

The [redux-router engine](#redux-router-engine) is initialized by passing a set of [options](#redux-router-engine-api) including [your react router routes](#define-your-routes) definition.

The `ReduxRouterEngine` is stand-alone and can be used in **any** Redux/React application that runs on Express, Hapi or [WalmartLab's Electrode Platform](http://www.electrode.io/). Here's how to configure the engine depending on your framework:

### Electrode

In an Electrode app, the engine configuration is straightforward: the route handling logic simply returns the output of the engine's `render` function in the `module.exports` clause:

```js
import ReduxRouterEngine from "electrode-redux-router-engine";
import { routes } from "../client/routes";
import CreateReduxStore from "./createReduxStore";

let routesEngine;

module.exports = req => {
  if (!routesEngine) {
    routesEngine = new ReduxRouterEngine({ routes });
  }

  return routesEngine.render(req);
};
```

### Hapi/Express

To configure the Redux Router Engine in an Express or Hapi application, first initialize the engine and then use it within a route handler to return the HTML. An example usage follows:

```js
const ReduxRouterEngine = require("electrode-redux-router-engine");

function createReduxStore(req, match) {
  // this refs to engine

  const store = configureStore();

  return Promise.all([
    store.dispatch(boostrapApp())
    // dispatch any other asynchronous actions here
  ]).then(() => {
    return store;
  });
}

const routes = require("./routes");

const engine = new ReduxRouterEngine({ routes });

// express or Hapi route handler:

function handler(req, reply) {
  engine.render(req).then(result => {
    // send full HTML with result back using res
  });
}
```

## Redirect

Route redirects work very differently for client side vs server side.

On the server, a HTTP 302 with a `location` header is returned to instruct the browser to do a redirect.

On the client, it's handled by React Router with the browser location APIs.

This engine currently has a limited support for server 302 redirect through React Router's [Redirect Component](https://reacttraining.com/react-router/web/api/Redirect).

This behavior is disabled by default. If you enable it and one of your component has a `Redirect` in its code, the server side rendering will detect that and return a HTTP 302 to the browser.

See `options.componentRedirect` flag in the contructor API on how to enable the behavior.

## APIs

ReduxRouterEngine has the following class methods:

### `constructor(options)`

Where options could contain the following fields:

- `routes` - **required** The [react-router-config] routes
  - This can also be a string that refer to the module that contains the routes definition.
- `componentRedirect` - **optional** boolean to enable the server side component redirect behavior.
- `withIds` - **optional** boolean to indicate whether to render with react-dataids.
- `stringifyPreloadedState` **optional** callback to stringify `store.getState()` for sending to browser as redux initial state
- `logError` - **optional** callback to log any error
  - It should take `(req, err)` arguments
  - If it's a `function` then its `this` references the engine instance
  - Defaulted to `console.log`
- `renderToString` - **optional** callback to provide custom renderToString
  - It should take `(req, location, store, match, withIds)` arguments
  - If desired, it can return a `Promise` that resolves the HTML string.
- `routesHandlerPath` - **optional** Path to directory to lookup individual route's `init` handler modules.
  - This is defaulted to `${process.env.APP_SRC_DIR}/server/routes` (for Electrode apps)

### `async render(req, options)`

Method to render a route.

- `req` - express/Hapi request object
- `options` - override options passed to constructor
  - `withIds`
  - `stringifyPreloadedState`

If rendering the route is a success, then it returns a promise resolving to:

```js
{
  status: 200,
  html: // string from React renderToString,
  prefetch: // string from stringifyPreloadedState
}
```

If an error occured, then it returns a promise resolving to:

```js
{
  status: react-router status or 500,
  message: err.message,
  path: // request path,
  _err: // original error object
}
```

If no route matched, then it returns a promise resolving to:

```js
{
  status: 404,
  message: `router-resolver: Path <path> not found`
}
```

[react-router-config]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-router-config
[react-router]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-router
[redux server rendering]: http://redux.js.org/docs/recipes/ServerRendering.html
[electrode-redux-router-engine]: https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode-redux-router-engine
[hapi react redux example]: https://github.com/electrode-samples/hapi-react-redux#electrode-redux-router-engine
[express react redux webpack example]: https://github.com/electrode-samples/express-react-redux-webpack#electrode-redux-router-engine
[electrode boilerplate]: https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode/tree/0f6d3bd08c1ffa32fe9cd469fab00ce4c3262d02/samples/universal-react-node
[combinereducers]: https://redux.js.org/api-reference/combinereducers
[redux]: http://redux.js.org/
[createstore]: https://redux.js.org/api-reference/createstore
