docs/chapter1/further-develop-component/component-helpers.md, before:

# Component Helpers

## Develop helpers for the components

Sometimes it makes sense to do the heavy lifting of your application in one or more separate modules that are imported. For example, let's make a helper module to handle different types of graphs. Remember that this helper was imported into the app in the last section via:

```js
import style from "../helpers/graph-styles";
```

In `src`, create a folder named `helpers` with a file named `graph-styles.js` inside \(`<your-component>/packages/<componentName>/src/helpers/graph-styles.js`\). Copy the code from below into this file:

```js

const PARENT = { divisor: 2 };
const CHILD = { divisor: 4, rotateBack: -1 };
const SINGLE = { marginDivisor: 8 };
const CONTAINER = { paddingDivisor: .13, marginDivisor: .13 };

export default(type, size, rotateVal) => {
  const nodeSize = type === "child" ? (size / CHILD.divisor) : (size / PARENT.divisor);
  const parentOrSingle = {
    width: `${nodeSize}em`,
    height: `${nodeSize}em`,
    margin: `-${nodeSize / PARENT.divisor}em`,
    display: `block`,
    position: `absolute`,
    top: `50%`,
    left: `50%`,
    transform: `translate(0em)`
  };
  switch (type) {
    case "single":
      {
        const singleNode = {
          display: `inline-block`,
          position: `relative`,
          margin: `${nodeSize / SINGLE.marginDivisor}em`
        };
        ["width", "height"].map((prop) => singleNode[prop] = parentOrSingle[prop]); // eslint-disable-line
        return singleNode;
      }
    case "child":
      {
        const childNode = {
          transform: `rotate(${rotateVal * 1}deg) translate(${nodeSize * PARENT.divisor}em) rotate(${rotateVal * CHILD.rotateBack}deg)`, // eslint-disable-line max-len
          backgroundSize: `100%`
        };
        return Object.assign(parentOrSingle, childNode);
      }
    case "container":
      {
        return {
          position: `relative`,
          width: `${size}em`,
          height: `${size}em`,
          padding: `${size * CONTAINER.paddingDivisor}em`,
          borderRadius: `50%`,
          display: `inline-block`,
          margin: `${size * CONTAINER.marginDivisor}em`
        };
      }
    default:
      {
        return parentOrSingle;
      }
  }
};

```

Commit message:

Documentation updates (#707)
* Electrode Developer Doc - updates and edits

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

docs/chapter1/further-develop-component/component-helpers.md, after:

# Component Helpers

## Develop helpers for the components

Sometimes it makes sense to import a module to do the heavy lifting of your application. For example, let's make a helper module to handle different types of graphs. Remember that this helper was imported into the app in the last section using:

```js
import style from "../helpers/graph-styles";
```

In the `src` directory, create a folder named `helpers` with a file named `graph-styles.js` inside the directory: \(`<your-component>/packages/<componentName>/src/helpers/graph-styles.js`\). Copy and paste the code from below into this file:

```js

const PARENT = { divisor: 2 };
const CHILD = { divisor: 4, rotateBack: -1 };
const SINGLE = { marginDivisor: 8 };
const CONTAINER = { paddingDivisor: .13, marginDivisor: .13 };

export default(type, size, rotateVal) => {
  const nodeSize = type === "child" ? (size / CHILD.divisor) : (size / PARENT.divisor);
  const parentOrSingle = {
    width: `${nodeSize}em`,
    height: `${nodeSize}em`,
    margin: `-${nodeSize / PARENT.divisor}em`,
    display: `block`,
    position: `absolute`,
    top: `50%`,
    left: `50%`,
    transform: `translate(0em)`
  };
  switch (type) {
    case "single":
      {
        const singleNode = {
          display: `inline-block`,
          position: `relative`,
          margin: `${nodeSize / SINGLE.marginDivisor}em`
        };
        ["width", "height"].map((prop) => singleNode[prop] = parentOrSingle[prop]); // eslint-disable-line
        return singleNode;
      }
    case "child":
      {
        const childNode = {
          transform: `rotate(${rotateVal * 1}deg) translate(${nodeSize * PARENT.divisor}em) rotate(${rotateVal * CHILD.rotateBack}deg)`, // eslint-disable-line max-len
          backgroundSize: `100%`
        };
        return Object.assign(parentOrSingle, childNode);
      }
    case "container":
      {
        return {
          position: `relative`,
          width: `${size}em`,
          height: `${size}em`,
          padding: `${size * CONTAINER.paddingDivisor}em`,
          borderRadius: `50%`,
          display: `inline-block`,
          margin: `${size * CONTAINER.marginDivisor}em`
        };
      }
    default:
      {
        return parentOrSingle;
      }
  }
};

```
