docs/contribute.md, before:

# Contribute

If you are interested in helping out, here are the list of open [Issues](http://www.electrode.io/docs/contribute.html#issues) on the Electrode repos below and a running list of [Features](http://www.electrode.io/docs/contribute.html#features)

for contributors. Make an impact: Help to maintain Electrode and make it even greater.

### Fix Issues

---

[electrode](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode)

* [232](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode/issues/232) Boilerplate not running in Production mode, test fails
* [135](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode/issues/135) \[HMR\] css are not updated in hot mode

### Help With Features

---

[isomorphic-loader](https://github.com/electrode-io/isomorphic-loader)

* [3](https://github.com/electrode-io/isomorphic-loader/issues/3) svg-inline-loader

[electrode-confippet](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode-confippet)

* [10](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode-confippet/issues/10) Config values in React
* [8](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode-confippet/issues/8) Generate package.json
* [6](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode-confippet/issues/6) Defered value

[electrode-io.github.io](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode-io.github.io)

* [358](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode-io.github.io/issues/358) L10N & multi-tenancy docs

[electrode](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode)

* [254](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode/issues/254) Forking archetypes
* [244](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode/issues/244) upgrade react-hot-loader to version 3.x
* [219](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode/issues/219) Can we have an Electrode + Parse Server\(express.js\) sample project with SSR

[See All](https://github.com/repos/electrode-io/electrode/issues%7B/number%7D)

Commit message:

Documentation updates (#707)
* Electrode Developer Doc - updates and edits

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

* doc updates

Uploading /docs directory with updated .md files 
Into new branch: documentation-updates.  and PR.

docs/contribute.md, after:

# Contribute!

If you are interested in contributing, check out the list of open [Issues](http://www.electrode.io/docs/contribute.html#issues) and [Features](http://www.electrode.io/docs/contribute.html#features).

We encourage your contributions to the Electrode open source project! Make an impact! Help maintain Electrode and make it even greater.

### Open Issues

---

[electrode](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode)

* [232](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode/issues/232) The boilerplate is not running in Production mode and the test fails.
* [135](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode/issues/135) \[HMR\] The CSS files are not updated in hot mode.

### Features
The following is a list of features that you can contribute to.

---

[isomorphic-loader](https://github.com/electrode-io/isomorphic-loader)

* [3](https://github.com/electrode-io/isomorphic-loader/issues/3) svg-inline-loader

[electrode-confippet](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode-confippet)

* [10](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode-confippet/issues/10) Config values in React
* [8](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode-confippet/issues/8) Generate package.json
* [6](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode-confippet/issues/6) Defered value

[electrode-io.github.io](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode-io.github.io)

* [358](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode-io.github.io/issues/358) L10N & multi-tenancy docs

[electrode](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode)

* [254](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode/issues/254) Forking archetypes
* [244](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode/issues/244) upgrade react-hot-loader to version 3.x
* [219](https://github.com/electrode-io/electrode/issues/219) Can we have an Electrode + Parse Server\(express.js\) sample project with SSR

[See All](https://github.com/repos/electrode-io/electrode/issues%7B/number%7D)
