docs/SUMMARY.md, before:

# Contents

### Introduction

- [Read Me](README.md)
- Overview
  - [What is Electrode](overview/what-is-electrode.md)
  - [Why Use Electrode](overview/why-use-electrode.md)
  - [Requirements](overview/requirements.md)
  - [What are Archetypes](/overview/what-are-archetypes.md)
- Getting Started
  - [Start With Electrode Ignite](/chapter1/quick-start/start-with-ignite.md)
  - [Create an Electrode App](/chapter1/quick-start/start-with-app.md)
  - [Create an Electrode Component](/chapter1/quick-start/start-with-component.md)
- Electrode Application
  - [Build Your App](/chapter1/further-develop-app/build-app.md)
  - [What's Inside](/chapter1/further-develop-app/whats-inside.md)
  - [Deploy Your App](/chapter1/further-develop-app/deploy-your-app.md)
- Electrode Components
  - [Low-Level Components](/chapter1/further-develop-component/low-level-components.md)
  - [Component Helpers](/chapter1/further-develop-component/component-helpers.md)
  - [Develop Styles](/chapter1/further-develop-component/develop-styles.md)
  - [Develop Main Component](chapter1/further-develop-component/develop-main-component.md)
  - [Add Components to Demo App](/chapter1/further-develop-component/add-to-demo-app.md)
  - [Build and Demo](/chapter1/further-develop-component/build-and-demo.md)
  - [Test Components](/chapter1/further-develop-component/test-components.md)

### Intermediate

- Application Archetype
  - [About](/chapter1/intermediate/app-archetype/README.md)
  - [Customize Config](/chapter1/intermediate/app-archetype/customize-config.md)
  - [Eslint Config](/chapter1/intermediate/app-archetype/eslint.md)
  - [Webpack Config](/chapter1/intermediate/app-archetype/webpack-config.md)
  - [Environment Variables](/chapter1/intermediate/app-archetype/env-vars.md)
  - [Consuming Webpack DLL](chapter1/intermediate/app-archetype/load-dll.md)
  - [Extract Styles](/chapter1/intermediate/app-archetype/extract-styles.md)
  - [Unit Tests](/chapter1/intermediate/app-archetype/unit-tests.md)
- Component Archetype
  - [About](/chapter1/intermediate/component-archetype/README.md)
  - [Structure](/chapter1/intermediate/component-archetype/component-archetype-structure.md)
  - [Webpack Config](/chapter1/intermediate/component-archetype/webpack-config.md)
  - [Extract Styles](/chapter1/intermediate/component-archetype/extract-styles.md)
  - [Unit Tests](/chapter1/intermediate/component-archetype/unit-tests.md)
- DLL Archetype
  - [About](chapter1/intermediate/dll-archetype/README.md)
- Using Flow
  - [Setup and configuration](/chapter1/intermediate/flow.md)
  - [Flow FAQ](/chapter1/intermediate/flow-faq.md)

### Guides

- General
  - [Developing and debugging](guides/dev-and-debug.md)
  - [Server Config](chapter1/intermediate/server-config.md)
  - [Build with material-ui](chapter1/intermediate/build-with-material-ui.md)
  - [Build a Progressive Web App](chapter1/intermediate/build-a-progressive-web-app.md)
  - [Build a Server Plugin](chapter1/intermediate/build-a-server-plugin.md)
  - [Server Side Data Hydration](chapter1/intermediate/server-side-data-hydration.md)
  - [Deploy with Docker](chapter1/intermediate/more-deployments/docker.md)
  - [Deploy with Kubernetes](chapter1/intermediate/more-deployments/kubernetes.md)
  - [Electrode Boilerplate Sample](chapter1/advanced/you-can-view-an-example-bundleanalyzetsv-output-using-the-electrode-boilerplate-code.md)
- Migration
  - [Migrating from React Router v3 to v4](guides/rr3-to-rr4.md)
  - [Migrating to webpack dev middleware](guides/webpack-dev-middleware.md)
  - [Migrating to webpack 4](guides/webpack4.md)

### Other

- [Stand Alone Modules](chapter1/advanced/stand-alone-modules.md)
  - [Confippet](chapter1/advanced/stand-alone-modules/confippet.md)
  - [Above The Fold Rendering](chapter1/advanced/stand-alone-modules/above-the-fold-rendering.md)
  - [Server Side Render Caching + Profiling](chapter1/advanced/stand-alone-modules/server-side-render-caching-+-profiling.md)
  - [Stateless CSRF Validation](chapter1/advanced/stand-alone-modules/stateless-csrf-validation.md)
  - [Redux Router Engine](chapter1/advanced/stand-alone-modules/redux-router-engine.md)
- [Powerful Electrode Tools](chapter1/advanced/powerful-electrode-tools.md)
  - [Electrify](chapter1/advanced/powerful-electrode-tools/electrify.md)
  - [Electrode Explorer](chapter1/advanced/powerful-electrode-tools/electrode-explorer.md)
  - [Bundle Analyzer](chapter1/advanced/powerful-electrode-tools/bundle-analyzer.md)
  - [React Native and Over the Air](chapter1/over-the-air/react-native-and-over-the-air.md)

### Contribute

- [Contributing](contributing.md)
  - [Contribute](contribute.md)
  - [Community](community.md)

### Resources

- [Resources](resources.md)
  - [Further Reading](resources/further-reading.md)
  - [Glossary](resources/glossary.md)
  - [FAQs](resources/faqs.md)

Commit message:

add doc about typescript and flow (#1102)

docs/SUMMARY.md, after:

# Contents

### Introduction

- [Read Me](README.md)
- Overview
  - [What is Electrode](overview/what-is-electrode.md)
  - [Why Use Electrode](overview/why-use-electrode.md)
  - [Requirements](overview/requirements.md)
  - [What are Archetypes](/overview/what-are-archetypes.md)
- Getting Started
  - [Start With Electrode Ignite](/chapter1/quick-start/start-with-ignite.md)
  - [Create an Electrode App](/chapter1/quick-start/start-with-app.md)
  - [Create an Electrode Component](/chapter1/quick-start/start-with-component.md)
- Electrode Application
  - [Build Your App](/chapter1/further-develop-app/build-app.md)
  - [What's Inside](/chapter1/further-develop-app/whats-inside.md)
  - [Deploy Your App](/chapter1/further-develop-app/deploy-your-app.md)
- Electrode Components
  - [Low-Level Components](/chapter1/further-develop-component/low-level-components.md)
  - [Component Helpers](/chapter1/further-develop-component/component-helpers.md)
  - [Develop Styles](/chapter1/further-develop-component/develop-styles.md)
  - [Develop Main Component](chapter1/further-develop-component/develop-main-component.md)
  - [Add Components to Demo App](/chapter1/further-develop-component/add-to-demo-app.md)
  - [Build and Demo](/chapter1/further-develop-component/build-and-demo.md)
  - [Test Components](/chapter1/further-develop-component/test-components.md)

### Intermediate

- Application Archetype
  - [About](/chapter1/intermediate/app-archetype/README.md)
  - [Customize Config](/chapter1/intermediate/app-archetype/customize-config.md)
  - [Eslint Config](/chapter1/intermediate/app-archetype/eslint.md)
  - [Webpack Config](/chapter1/intermediate/app-archetype/webpack-config.md)
  - [Environment Variables](/chapter1/intermediate/app-archetype/env-vars.md)
  - [Consuming Webpack DLL](chapter1/intermediate/app-archetype/load-dll.md)
  - [Extract Styles](/chapter1/intermediate/app-archetype/extract-styles.md)
  - [Unit Tests](/chapter1/intermediate/app-archetype/unit-tests.md)
- Component Archetype
  - [About](/chapter1/intermediate/component-archetype/README.md)
  - [Structure](/chapter1/intermediate/component-archetype/component-archetype-structure.md)
  - [Webpack Config](/chapter1/intermediate/component-archetype/webpack-config.md)
  - [Extract Styles](/chapter1/intermediate/component-archetype/extract-styles.md)
  - [Unit Tests](/chapter1/intermediate/component-archetype/unit-tests.md)
- DLL Archetype
  - [About](chapter1/intermediate/dll-archetype/README.md)
- Flow and TypeScript
  - [About](chapter1/intermediate/languages/README.md)
  - [Working with Flow](/chapter1/intermediate/flow.md)
  - [Flow FAQ](/chapter1/intermediate/flow-faq.md)

### Guides

- General
  - [Developing and debugging](guides/dev-and-debug.md)
  - [Server Config](chapter1/intermediate/server-config.md)
  - [Build with material-ui](chapter1/intermediate/build-with-material-ui.md)
  - [Build a Progressive Web App](chapter1/intermediate/build-a-progressive-web-app.md)
  - [Build a Server Plugin](chapter1/intermediate/build-a-server-plugin.md)
  - [Server Side Data Hydration](chapter1/intermediate/server-side-data-hydration.md)
  - [Deploy with Docker](chapter1/intermediate/more-deployments/docker.md)
  - [Deploy with Kubernetes](chapter1/intermediate/more-deployments/kubernetes.md)
  - [Electrode Boilerplate Sample](chapter1/advanced/you-can-view-an-example-bundleanalyzetsv-output-using-the-electrode-boilerplate-code.md)
- Migration
  - [Migrating from React Router v3 to v4](guides/rr3-to-rr4.md)
  - [Migrating to webpack dev middleware](guides/webpack-dev-middleware.md)
  - [Migrating to webpack 4](guides/webpack4.md)

### Other

- [Stand Alone Modules](chapter1/advanced/stand-alone-modules.md)
  - [Confippet](chapter1/advanced/stand-alone-modules/confippet.md)
  - [Above The Fold Rendering](chapter1/advanced/stand-alone-modules/above-the-fold-rendering.md)
  - [Server Side Render Caching + Profiling](chapter1/advanced/stand-alone-modules/server-side-render-caching-+-profiling.md)
  - [Stateless CSRF Validation](chapter1/advanced/stand-alone-modules/stateless-csrf-validation.md)
  - [Redux Router Engine](chapter1/advanced/stand-alone-modules/redux-router-engine.md)
- [Powerful Electrode Tools](chapter1/advanced/powerful-electrode-tools.md)
  - [Electrify](chapter1/advanced/powerful-electrode-tools/electrify.md)
  - [Electrode Explorer](chapter1/advanced/powerful-electrode-tools/electrode-explorer.md)
  - [Bundle Analyzer](chapter1/advanced/powerful-electrode-tools/bundle-analyzer.md)
  - [React Native and Over the Air](chapter1/over-the-air/react-native-and-over-the-air.md)

### Contribute

- [Contributing](contributing.md)
  - [Contribute](contribute.md)
  - [Community](community.md)

### Resources

- [Resources](resources.md)
  - [Further Reading](resources/further-reading.md)
  - [Glossary](resources/glossary.md)
  - [FAQs](resources/faqs.md)
