docs/chapter1/intermediate/app-archetype/env-vars.md, before:

# Environment Variables

Some of the app archetype's features can be controlled by environment variables.

## General Electrode Feature Configurations

| Variable            |                                              Description                                               |     Default |
| ------------------- | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :----------: |
| `PORT`              | The port number your app's `config/default.js` will read from to start up your app server to listen at |      `3000` |
| `INSPECTPACK_DEBUG` |                 If set to `true`, generates stats for used with the [inspectpack] tool                 | `undefined` |

## Webpack Related Configs

| Variables                      |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |       Default |
| ------------------------------ | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :------------: |
| `WEBPACK_DEV_MIDDLEWARE`       | If set to `true`, will run webpack dev server as part of your app server in dev mode and will also force `WEBPACK_DEV_PORT` to your app's port which is set by `PORT` or `3000`.<br><br>Webpack dev server pages can be found under these routes:<br> `/_electrode_dev_/reporter` - Webpack compiled status report<br> `/_electrode_dev_/cwd` - Directory view of your app's CWD<br> `/_electrode_dev_/memfs` - Directory view of webpack dev middleware's virual mem fs of your compiled assets.<br> `/js/` - Or your webpack `publicPath`, w/o any trailing parts will list all files under your webpack's context directory. |       `false` |
| `ELECTRODE_DEV_OPEN_BROWSER`   |                                                                                                                                                      When using dev middleware, `clap dev` can automatically open your app in the browser. Use this flag to control that behavior <br> Set to `false` - completely disable auto opening in browser.<br> Set to `true` - Always auto open.<br> Unset - automatically open if it didn't do so within the last 10 minutes.                                                                                                                                                      |       `false` |
| `CSS_MODULE_SUPPORT`           |                                                                                                                                                                                                                   If `false`, then disable `CSS-Modules` and `CSS-Next` support, and load as pure `CSS`. If `true`, then enable `CSS-Modules` and `CSS-Next` support, and load as `CSS-Modules + CSS-Next`                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |   `undefined` |
| `ENABLE_BABEL_POLYFILL`        |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               If `true`, loads `babel-polyfill` automatically for your bundle                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |       `false` |
| `ENABLE_NODESOURCE_PLUGIN`     |                                                                                                                                                                                                              If `true`, automatically bundles modules for compatibility with NodeJS internal modules<br><br>Note: enabling this will make webpack bundle more than 100K of JS to simulate a NodeJS environment                                                                                                                                                                                                               |       `false` |
| `WOFF_FONT_INLINE_LIMIT`       |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Size limit to turn off inlining WOFF font                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | `1000`(bytes) |
| `WEBPACK_PRESERVE_SYMLINKS`    |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         If `true`, preserves symlink paths in resolve modules.<br>If this is not defined, then the env [`NODE_PRESERVE_SYMLINKS`] will be considered                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |       `false` |
| `ENABLE_SHORTEN_CSS_NAMES`     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  When using CSS module, you can create short and cryptic CSS class names in production mode by setting this flag to `true`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |       `false` |
| `WEBPACK_DEV_ARTIFACTS_PATH`   |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  specify path to the copy of some static files in dev mode                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |     `".etmp"` |
| `WEBPACK_HOT_MODULE_RELOAD`    |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             If `true`, enable hot module reload                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |        `true` |
| `WEBPACK_DEV_WARNINGS_OVERLAY` |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               If `true`, shows warnings on a full-screen overlay in the browser in addition to compiler errors                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |        `true` |
| `ELECTRODE_LOAD_DLLS`          |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  If non empty json, each entry is the name of Electrode Webpack DLL to be loaded by the app                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |          `{}` |
| `WEBPACK_MINIFY`               |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   If `true`, webpack in `development` mode to minify code                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |        `true` |

- The following settings will apply only if `WEBPACK_DEV_MIDDLEWARE` is not `true`, meaning a separate webpack-dev-server is used for development:

| Variable                    |                        Description                         |     Default |
| --------------------------- | :-------------------------------------------------------- | :----------: |
| `WEBPACK_DEV_HOST`          |  If defined, used as the hostname for webpack dev server   | `localhost` |
| `WEBPACK_DEV_PORT`          | If defined, used as the port number for webpack dev server |      `2992` |
| `WEBPACK_TEST_PORT`         |   If defined, used as the port number for webpack tests    |      `3001` |
| `WEBPACK_DEV_HTTPS`         |     If `true`, then use `https` for webpack dev server     |     `false` |

## Babel Related Configs

| Variable                  |                                                                                                                      Description                                                                                                                      |                                                         Default |
| ------------------------- | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :--------------------------------------------------------------: |
| `ENABLE_BABEL_TYPESCRIPT` |                                                                                                         If `true`, enable typescript support                                                                                                          |                                                         `false` |
| `ENABLE_BABEL_FLOW`       |                                                                                                        If `true`, enable FlowJS type stripping                                                                                                        |                                                          `true` |
| `FLOW_REQUIRE_DIRECTIVE`  |                                 If `true`, **only** strip annotations and declarations from files that contain `// @flow` directive. <br><br>Work as `requireDirective` option of `@babel/plugin-transform-flow-strip-types`                                  |                                                         `false` |
| `BABEL_CLASS_PROPS`       |                                                                                                           If `true`, allow class properties                                                                                                           |                                                         `false` |
| `BABEL_CLASS_PROPS_LOOSE` |                                         If `true`, compile class properties to assignment expression instead of `Object.defineProperty`. Work as `loose` option of `@babel/plugin-proposal-class-properties`                                          |                                                          `true` |
| `BABEL_ENV_TARGETS`       |                                                          specify multiple environment targets for babel preset env to build `dist` bundle. `default` and `node` targets objects are required                                                          | `{default: {ie: "8"},node:process.versions.node.split(".")[0]}` |
| `ENV_TARGET`              | specify a `targets` object within `BABEL_ENV_TARGETS` by name that babel will use to build `dist-X` bundle<br><br>Note: the default bundle generated is `dist`, while other specified bundle for example `ENV_TARGET=es6` will be generated in `dist-es6` |                                                     `"default"` |

## Karma Related

| Variable        |                                  Description                                   |  Default |
| --------------- | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :-------: |
| `KARMA_BROWSER` | Set the browser karma will use<br>`chrome` - Chrome<br>`phantomjs` - PhantomJS | `chrome` |

[`node_preserve_symlinks`]: https://nodejs.org/docs/latest-v8.x/api/cli.html#cli_node_preserve_symlinks_1

Commit message:

Drop webpack dev server (#1431)
* Remove webpack-dev-server

* Make dev proxy server default, for app to port 3100

* Unused formal parameter

* Fix documentation

docs/chapter1/intermediate/app-archetype/env-vars.md, after:

# Environment Variables

Some of the app archetype's features can be controlled by environment variables.

## General Electrode Feature Configurations

| Variable            |                                              Description                                               |     Default |
| ------------------- | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :----------: |
| `PORT`              | The port number your app's `config/default.js` will read from to start up your app server to listen at |      `3000` |
| `INSPECTPACK_DEBUG` |                 If set to `true`, generates stats for used with the [inspectpack] tool                 | `undefined` |

## Webpack Related Configs

| Variables                      |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |       Default |
| ------------------------------ | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :------------: |
| `ELECTRODE_DEV_OPEN_BROWSER`   |                                                                                                                                                      When using dev middleware, `clap dev` can automatically open your app in the browser. Use this flag to control that behavior <br> Set to `false` - completely disable auto opening in browser.<br> Set to `true` - Always auto open.<br> Unset - automatically open if it didn't do so within the last 10 minutes.                                                                                                                                                      |       `false` |
| `CSS_MODULE_SUPPORT`           |                                                                                                                                                                                                                   If `false`, then disable `CSS-Modules` and `CSS-Next` support, and load as pure `CSS`. If `true`, then enable `CSS-Modules` and `CSS-Next` support, and load as `CSS-Modules + CSS-Next`                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |   `undefined` |
| `ENABLE_BABEL_POLYFILL`        |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               If `true`, loads `babel-polyfill` automatically for your bundle                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |       `false` |
| `ENABLE_NODESOURCE_PLUGIN`     |                                                                                                                                                                                                              If `true`, automatically bundles modules for compatibility with NodeJS internal modules<br><br>Note: enabling this will make webpack bundle more than 100K of JS to simulate a NodeJS environment                                                                                                                                                                                                               |       `false` |
| `WOFF_FONT_INLINE_LIMIT`       |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Size limit to turn off inlining WOFF font                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | `1000`(bytes) |
| `WEBPACK_PRESERVE_SYMLINKS`    |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         If `true`, preserves symlink paths in resolve modules.<br>If this is not defined, then the env [`NODE_PRESERVE_SYMLINKS`] will be considered                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |       `false` |
| `ENABLE_SHORTEN_CSS_NAMES`     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  When using CSS module, you can create short and cryptic CSS class names in production mode by setting this flag to `true`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |       `false` |
| `WEBPACK_DEV_ARTIFACTS_PATH`   |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  specify path to the copy of some static files in dev mode                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |     `".etmp"` |
| `WEBPACK_HOT_MODULE_RELOAD`    |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             If `true`, enable hot module reload                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |        `true` |
| `WEBPACK_DEV_WARNINGS_OVERLAY` |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               If `true`, shows warnings on a full-screen overlay in the browser in addition to compiler errors                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |        `true` |
| `ELECTRODE_LOAD_DLLS`          |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  If non empty json, each entry is the name of Electrode Webpack DLL to be loaded by the app                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |          `{}` |
| `WEBPACK_MINIFY`               |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   If `true`, webpack in `development` mode to minify code                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |        `true` |

- The following settings are used by the Webpack dev middleware server to determine the host and port. The Electrode dev reverse proxy will automatically reconfigure itself to use overridden values:

| Variable                    |                        Description                         |     Default |
| --------------------------- | :-------------------------------------------------------- | :----------: |
| `WEBPACK_DEV_HOST`          |  If defined, used as the hostname for webpack dev server   | `localhost` |
| `WEBPACK_DEV_PORT`          | If defined, used as the port number for webpack dev server |      `2992` |

## Babel Related Configs

| Variable                  |                                                                                                                      Description                                                                                                                      |                                                         Default |
| ------------------------- | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :--------------------------------------------------------------: |
| `ENABLE_BABEL_TYPESCRIPT` |                                                                                                         If `true`, enable typescript support                                                                                                          |                                                         `false` |
| `ENABLE_BABEL_FLOW`       |                                                                                                        If `true`, enable FlowJS type stripping                                                                                                        |                                                          `true` |
| `FLOW_REQUIRE_DIRECTIVE`  |                                 If `true`, **only** strip annotations and declarations from files that contain `// @flow` directive. <br><br>Work as `requireDirective` option of `@babel/plugin-transform-flow-strip-types`                                  |                                                         `false` |
| `BABEL_CLASS_PROPS`       |                                                                                                           If `true`, allow class properties                                                                                                           |                                                         `false` |
| `BABEL_CLASS_PROPS_LOOSE` |                                         If `true`, compile class properties to assignment expression instead of `Object.defineProperty`. Work as `loose` option of `@babel/plugin-proposal-class-properties`                                          |                                                          `true` |
| `BABEL_ENV_TARGETS`       |                                                          specify multiple environment targets for babel preset env to build `dist` bundle. `default` and `node` targets objects are required                                                          | `{default: {ie: "8"},node:process.versions.node.split(".")[0]}` |
| `ENV_TARGET`              | specify a `targets` object within `BABEL_ENV_TARGETS` by name that babel will use to build `dist-X` bundle<br><br>Note: the default bundle generated is `dist`, while other specified bundle for example `ENV_TARGET=es6` will be generated in `dist-es6` |                                                     `"default"` |

## Karma Related

| Variable        |                                  Description                                   |  Default |
| --------------- | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :-------: |
| `KARMA_BROWSER` | Set the browser karma will use<br>`chrome` - Chrome<br>`phantomjs` - PhantomJS | `chrome` |

[`node_preserve_symlinks`]: https://nodejs.org/docs/latest-v8.x/api/cli.html#cli_node_preserve_symlinks_1
